temperature in sypialnia: 46, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 70, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 98, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 74, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 80, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 36, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 69, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 62, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 3, status ogrzewania: true
temperature in salon: 94, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 69, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 14, status ogrzewania: true
temperature in sypialnia: 25, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 40, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 81, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 59, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 0, status ogrzewania: true
temperature in sypialnia: 59, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 6, status ogrzewania: true
temperature in sypialnia: 25, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 39, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 14, status ogrzewania: true
temperature in salon: 77, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 59, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 36, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 51, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 15, status ogrzewania: true
temperature in sypialnia: 10, status ogrzewania: true
temperature in salon: 82, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 43, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 8, status ogrzewania: true
temperature in sypialnia: 8, status ogrzewania: true
temperature in salon: 94, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 91, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 58, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 73, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 70, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 87, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 77, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 53, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 64, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 54, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 57, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 27, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 33, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 69, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 13, status ogrzewania: true
temperature in salon: 85, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 61, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 17, status ogrzewania: true
temperature in sypialnia: 48, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 1, status ogrzewania: true
temperature in sypialnia: 61, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 29, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 31, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 67, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 69, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 89, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 88, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 67, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 63, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 64, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 83, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 83, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 80, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 13, status ogrzewania: true
temperature in sypialnia: 72, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in salon: 63, status ogrzewania: false
temperature in sypialnia: 57, status ogrzewania: false
